Liss and this thing has the dialogue of
the room with the budget of men and
black international for some reason
obviously it's meant for fans of such
cinematic classics as these so much so
that the Fifty Shades Club collectively
came together to support it so know that
yeah this is practically porn up on
Netflix so if you can't describe your
history be careful take talks when going
crazy Fritz humped its way up to the top
ten list but the craziest part is it's a
trilogy let me explain so a big spoiler
warning as well as a TT I pointing right
here like the title says cuz well I'm
warning you we begin in the
Mediterranean Sea with the Sicilian
family who's dealing with human
trafficking which it's terrible until
you realize that that's the entire
premise of the movie so what do you
actually do during a deal gone wrong
Massimo's pop pop gets popped
but legit this dude was staring at a
woman out on the beach when that
happened and now he thinks it's fate to
find her so he literally searches for
her around the globe that lady who for
whatever reason was on his epstein
island is named it Laura who on a bday
trip with her crappy cheating boyfriend
the sites are going to walk and gets
kidnapped by Massimo so that she can
fall in love with him
are you lost [ __ ] I yes a tail is
oldest time now remember his father died
because he didn't want to make a deal
with this mob who was trafficking women
and now he's trafficking women this man
has a drawing of her up in his room he's
drugged her tied her up but he's still
claiming I won't do anything without
your permission don't provoke me much
used to tolerating disobedience yes
manners
you know I think you you you got wrong
we try to to base the character on
someone who's who has sex addict them so
basically even the expression I had to
actually build a character based on the
signals you know someone who's always
thinking about the sex someone who
always tried to get out take out his
anger you know through the sex right
he's also a criminal a type of movie
he's describing that's called shame
starring Michael Fassbender directed by
Steve McQueen and that really gets into
the psyche of someone who is suffering
from this addiction you know this is
editor like a lifetime erotic fan cam
sure he's resisting the urge but like
there's still an Amber Alert out on her
this is like that 13 reasons why version
of that story made for horny moms you're
not questioning his disorder you're just
wondering how they got away with
shooting this
my question is how the [ __ ] did it
happen once they're together he makes
her proposal you have 365 days they do
anything so you can't fall in love with
me you know cuz he's a gentleman he lets
it be her decision
by keeping her captain till the earth
does a full loop around the Sun every
day I have this image in front of my
eyes my heart stopped I saw you you know
all those supermarket moms who pause
down that aisle dream of hearing this
line my art stuff I saw you come to
think of it you can pass on like a bunch
of any frame in this movie and it looks
like one of those book covers and I'm
assuming that this is also what those
audiobooks sound like to it wasn't an
offer it was an order a sense of me I'm
not a bag of potatoes that you can
transfer without my permission
well people want to deem it literature
you know break down with a psyche of a
troubled mogul y'all know 100 percent
will you sell it while you're looking at
it do you want to as stupid as the story
is people are eating this up like the
stewardess did his corn on the cob on
the plane obviously the entire cast
hasn't eaten a carb since the last
election so yeah they're all gorgeous
then you take the fact that her being
locked up it's the equivalent of a good
fella being locked up she's going on
shopping sprees she's traveling
internationally with let's just call him
a linguist
so whenever she tries to tease him he
teases her back by literally strapping
her up and bringing in another girl so
she can see what she's missing and Laura
starts staring at him like a senior
citizen doesn't Cosco samples and then
this happens he's straight closer like
it's Mortal Kombat honestly a lot of the
sound design is so over the top it's
like they wanted you to experience it in
Dolby Atmos eventually she does fall for
him and it doesn't take even 65 days
mainly because they have an arguments on
a boat where he actually saves her life
was he also the cause of her falling yes
but she falls for him on him over him
and they practically set sails and every
part of this boat which is weird
considering this man was also on board
this tiny yacht after two months she's
ready to marry him they picked out the
whole venue with a dress she's even
pregnant I'm so grateful that you're
alive but in same time I want to kill
you well the movie ends with a rival
game taking her so maybe like I said
this is actually a trilogy and the
author is also the screenwriter for the
movies since Massimo did pull guns out
on the rival gang in the first that
makes the sequel probably like an
extraction movie of sorts where he's
gonna go rescue her probably do it in
the bad guys lair and then climax for
the third now the final one is still in
Polish I don't think have been
translated but I hear that Massimo has
to make a decision between the baby and
Laura when a shot goes off so they've
already put a lot of boundaries and
Netflix you know it's gonna upload
anything so really it's just a matter of
time before we get all three and they
continue the series with a spin-off and
the most physical crossover of all time
do you have checking out this video
curious to know your thoughts on this
movie what your funniest line reaction
is I know a lot of people didn't react
into this on Twitter and literally made
it to the top 10 which is crazy to think
I know people been getting 6 feet apart
but like I mean yo they're craving that
intimacy I would highly recommend shame
if you think that this is who he's
supposed to be saying anything shame is
that movie I highly recommended great
performances all around great direction
everything go watch shame if you feel
you are in the mindset of Massimo
but yeah it's interesting to see what
the other ones are gonna be considering
you know when you look at the behind the
scenes they they had as much fun as the
people watching it it seems so we'll see
where it goes
curious to know any other
recommendations that you have out there
you know that there's been you know
shift in the top tens any other
streaming movies from any other services
as well let us know your thoughts down
below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
keep your location on so you don't get a
little spooky girl